>> Speaker 1: Now, I know you're wondering
what this great website that we just put
together looks like.
And so you're probably wondering,
now what do I do?
How do I go about getting
this website open?
And it's actually really simple,
all we have to do is go to index.html and
double-click on it.
That will go ahead and open this up for
you inside of a web browser, and
this happens to be a website
about the Pie in the Sky Bakery.
And as you can see here,
we have have a working accordion
that's powered by JavaScript.
And of course, we have all kinds
of styling here, looks pretty,
that's the CSS.
And of course, we have this marked
up correctly as well in terms
of identifying headings, and
paragraphs, and images and so forth.
So the only problem with what's going
on here is what browser are we actually
in at the moment?
And you can tell that by looking
down at the bottom of your bar here.
We are actually in Edge,
and Edge is great, but
it's not really a web development browser.
We'd rather have Chrome
as our default browser.
Chrome or Firefox are your choices.
And so let's go through how we can set
this so that Chrome, in this case,
is gonna be our default browser.
If you wanna have Firefox
as your default browser,
you're gonna go through
the same methodology.
So on your computer, go ahead and
click on the Start menu.
And over here on the side, look for
the little gear icon, that's the settings.
Go on ahead and choose that.
And we are going to go to
your default applications.
Now, if you just type default
here in the search window,
you can just go to Default app settings.
And this is gonna show all of your
various default applications.
And you can scroll on down
here to Web browser, and
you'll see here that that
is set to Microsoft Edge.
If you click on that,
it'll give you some other options.
And it happens to be on this
particular computer, we have Edge,
which is recommended for Windows 10,
cuz it comes with Windows 10.
We have Chrome, which I've installed.
Or I have Internet Explorer.
Remember, Internet Explorer is
the worst choice of the bunch.
It's the one that's
completely out of date.
Do not use that one.
If you have Firefox in here,
you might see that in the list as well.
I don’t at this point, but I have Chrome.
So I am going to go ahead and choose that,
and it's going to ask
me to please keep Edge.
Please just give it a try.
And I'm gonna say no, switch it anyway.
And so
now my default browser is Google Chrome.
We can close out of our Settings.
We can close on out of Edge here.
And now you'll notice that in my demo
finished folder, my index.html file has
the default icon, that's the Chrome icon,
indicating that that switch has been made.
If we double-click on index.html that
will in fact now open inside of Chrome.